
1. What are the examples of the types of projects you have deployed to Azure?

A: I have deployed a livestreaming service to Azure that was used for testing.

2. How do you classify your senior-ness as a developer? What are you development strengths?

A: I classify myself as a mid-level full stack developer with 6 years experience working with Microsoft services.
I consider my development strengths to be:

  a. problem solving
  b. project dedication
  c. easy to work with on teams
  e. handling high work loads
  f. ability to learn and implement new skills
  g. passionate about developing the best applications
  
3. What are your top 1-2 favorite editor(s)?

A: Microsoft Visual Studio Community Edition

4. Have you ever done a pull request?

A: Yes, using Team Explorer in VS / GitHub. I have worked through many merge conflicts and on multiple branches.

5. Have you ever had a chance to use TDD? Have you found it to be helpful?  If so, when does it work best for you?

A: Yes. I find TDD extremely helpful. It works best for me after implementing a new method. You finish coding a new method and then set up a 
unit test, run the unit test and if successful, move on to the next method. It's also useful to run tests before committing code to the branch
and also after pulling code to make sure your team members aren't committing broken code by accident.

6. Have you ever been given the opportunity to use tools like ReSharper? What did you like about it?

A: I have never used ReSharper but I've seen others use ReSharper on Udemy. I never found a use for it. I try to avoid every third party integration
possible unless there is a very strong need to use one.

7. Do you prefer working directly with the business people? Or do you find it's best to have a go-between?

A: I have experience working with business people and being managed on a software development team. If there are project requirements in place, I'd prefer
to connect directly with a project manager to speed up development. If the project requirements are not clear, I would first contact a project manager if any
and then contact the business person if needed to clarify any unclear business logic and project requirements.

8. Have you ever used web.config transformations? If not, do you know what they're good for?

A: I have not. I assume they would be good for dynamically changing web.config element values like a database connection string to handle changes from local
builds to stage builds to production builds.

9. Can you tell me anything about 'slots' in terms of Azure? If not, based on what you just googled, how would you use them in your next Azure project?

A: I would use Azure slots to handle switching between production builds after a new version of the build is released and ready to ship to production.
I love the idea of this and will definitely use this on my next Azure project.

10. Can you explain what DevOps and/or continuous integration is, and some of the benefits?

A: DevOps and continous integration mean automated processes and closer team work. The benefits are speed and better collaberation which means the project is 
completed sooner and the product is more likely to reflect whatever the client needed.

11. Are you technology agnostic or are you pretty strict when it comes to things like Mac vs Windows or AWS vs Azure?

A: I believe any and all parts of technology are simply tools to develop more tools that we use. I know it is much more difficult to develop
an iPhone application on a Windows OS than a Mac OS, so it really depends on what you want to accomplish and which tool is best for the job.
I have always used Windows or Linux OS.

12. What are some of your more advanced SQL querying abilities (i.e., like what keywords or commands, etc)?

A: I am not sure how to answer this other than providing a basic high level summary of what I can do. I can write basic CRUD procs, join tables and pull reports.
I have helped write some dynamic SQL code. I guess the most advanced thing I can do in SQL querying is pulling a report from multiple tables into a view and then
exporting them into an excel sheet. I love SQL and being in the database. I just haven't found a challenge yet that requires me to 
push my abilities further. I think this position would help me grow much more.

13. Do you happen to know what TypeScript is and why it's gotten popular? How does it differ from JS?

A: I've never used TypeScript but I do know it's strongly typed. That's probably the number one reason why it's gotten popular. JS can be a pain to work
with since it isn't strongly typed.

14. Can you explain the diff b/t relation and databases and NoSQL? What are some NoSQL platforms that you have familiarity with?

A: The main difference is how they store data and allow you to access data. I haven't worked with NoSQL platforms before.

15. Can you explain GPG, SSL or public/private key encryption?

A: I wasn't aware of GPG. SSL stands for secure sockets layer. It's used for encryption on connections. public/private key encryption sounds like what 
one would use for authenticating an API request.

16. Do you know anything about "secure coding" practices? 

A: I am aware of SQL injection and access modifiers, to not expose sensitive data in views, to not store sensitive data in session variables. I know to use
Guids where possible and to hash passwords. I am actively working on learning ethical hacking with Linux to better myself in the security area.

17. Can _you_ authenticate to GitHub using SSH?

A: I've done it once and then forgot about it. I can easily do it again if needed and learn it fully.

18. Can you explain what REST sorta kinda means?

A: It sorta kinda means that the chef will give the plate of food to anyone. It doesn't care if the food server comes or if the person eating at the restaraunt
comes to get the food. Hopefully there will be credentials required to pick up the plate of food, but that would be the only thing the chef actually cared about.

19. How enthusiastic would you be if we asked to pay you to take some training courses on Udemy?

A: I would do so with or without pay and I'd be the happiest person in the world. I spend at least an hour daily trying to learn something new and revisiting basics.

20. How many of these platforms / languages / frameworks do you have experience with?

A: SQL, Excel, Linux, Mac, Windows, .NET, C#, MySQL SQL Server, Azure
